Hey.
In this section, we're gonna go ahead and
show you how to use that SD card
with the installed Android images
to put the Android OS
onto the DragonBoard.
>> All right.
So let's pick up where we left off.
On my screen,
we can see that the operating system
has been loaded onto the SD card.
Next, we're going to go into our file
explorer, we're going to click on
the removable disk, the SD card that
we loaded on the operating system.
I'm going to click on eject.
Once the computer tells us that
it's safe to eject the device,
we're going to take out our SD card.
And next we're going to go
into our DragonBoard here.
And with the DragonBoard,
the first thing you need to make sure is
that it's completely powered-down and
there's no power going into it.
>> All right.
So the next thing is,
you want to flip over the DragonBoard so
we can go ahead and change the boot
mode to boot from the SD card.
So right here as you see, it's in
the 0110 mode, which is for the SD card.
And you go ahead and
just flip it like that.
>> Yes, so it's on the upper right corner
of the back side of the DragonBoard.
Once the boot switches
on the right direction,
we're going to take our mini SD card and
we're going to put it right
into the DragonBoard, and we're going
to start powering up the DragonBoard.
And hopefully, this will start
into the installation page.
And here we go.
The installation page has popped up.
And we can see here that the Android for
the DragonBoard 410C is the first
option here, so we're just going to
double click that here, and
we're going to click on, where is it?
Where is the mouse here?
>> Install.
>> Install here, yeah.
And you're going to click on yes here,
and there we go.
It's going to start flashing the Android
system onto the DragonBoard.
Now that the installation
has completed and
on Android operating system has
been flashed onto the DragonBoard,
a little box pops up,
I'm going to click okay here to reboot.
And when this thing reboots,
we're going to take out the SD card here,
and the DragonBoard will power up right
into the android operating system.
And with this completed, we're going to,
we hope you enjoy how to download
the Android operating system
onto the DragonBoard.
And now you have a fully functional
operating system on the Dragon Board, and
we'll see you in the future lessons and
courses, on what else you can do
with the Android operating system.